`qml.counts` returns all outcomes when requested if `MCM`s present (#6732)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h3>Bug fixes 🐛</h3>

> * `qml.counts` returns all outcomes when requested with mid-circuit measurements present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `qml.counts` returns all outcomes when the `all_outcomes` argument is `True` and mid-circuit measurements are present.
```

> *  `qml.counts` returns all outcomes when requested with mid-circuit measurements present.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `qml.counts` returns all outcomes when requested with mid-circuit measurements present.
```
